Previously on SWAT...I have been working
so hard to do good. I tell
the people in this community
that police can do better,
that we will do better,
and I'm not
getting anywhere.
I know you're busy,
but I called the prison
-to check on your mom.
-You did what?
I talked to a doctor.
It's something with her liver.
You know you still have time
to fix things with her.
-I'm Nora Fowler, tactical medic.
I handpicked you
for this team. I read what
happened to you overseas.
Someone you knew?
Your KIA bracelet.
Yeah, he was.
Next time we have a night off,
I'll take you through
the SWAT training course.
I'll get the best
out of you.
One of my guys, he uncovered
a group of racist cops
in the department.
When I give this to I.A.,
an official investigation
will open.
Are you sure
you want to do this?
No, but I can't do nothing.
Sorry it took me a
while to figure out
the right thing to do.
We good?
We're good.
Hey, man, you know what's up!
Yo, where my lawyer at, man?
Come on!
Nothing to be curious about.
Just another courthouse.
-Hermano.
-Keep walking, Diaz.
That's my brother in there, man.
Put me in with my boys.
Stop here.
Come on. Why I got to be alone?
Warden says you four
don't play nice.
Mostly you.
Now step inside.
Public defender thought
you might want to wear it,
show the jury what
an outstanding citizen you are.
-We good, Deputy?
-All set.
Holler when you're done. I'll
-have your stuff ready to go.
-All right.
So Legal Affairs confirmed
that the defense attorney
only needs us as
rebuttal witnesses.
Should be out of here
-in no time.
Yeah, okay, Deac.
When was the last time you got
out of court in no time?
Today would be the first.
Exactly.
You know,
I got to be honest, man,
a civilian gets injured
in a raid,
and the officer who broke down
the door admits he was at fault?
I'm just not sure how I feel
about being called in
to testify on behalf
of the city.
It's not anything we haven't
done dozens of times before.
SWAT was just there for support.
That the only thing
that's bugging you?
Real talk?
It's been a week since
Durham got suspended,
yet he and his pals
are still LAPD.
I don't know, I just keep
asking myself questions
about the union and
the city bureaucracy.
Takes a while to get
an officer off the street.
You know that.
Doesn't feel like
justice, Deac.
Just a lot of red
tape and delays.
The city expects a
lot from us cops.
Maybe I expect
more from them.
Sergeants.
Tony Jacobs,
assistant city attorney.
Thanks for coming in early.
I know it's a pain.
Eh, it's not a problem. Beats
dealing with the morning rush.
Hey, listen, you seem to have
a good amount of testimony
for this case already.
Why do you need us?
Cut right to the chase, huh?
Well, frankly,
what this woman
is asking for
in damages is excessive.
Testimony from
two SWAT sergeants
could go a long way
in the court.
Just follow my lead
on the stand.
We'll have you
out of here in a jiff.
Our courtroom's
on the third floor.
-Jimmy.
-Hi, Mom.
What are you
doing here?
Oh, my gosh, I must
be a complete mess.
I wish I'd known
that you were coming.
How did you know
where to find me?
Uh, I called the prison and
they said they transferred you.
The doctor said there's a
real problem with your liver?
Oh, sweetie, you don't have
to worry about that.
I told them not to tell you.
I mean, I specifically
asked them not to contact you.
Really? 'Cause if that's true,
they violated
some pretty major privacy laws.
Maybe I should go talk to them.
No, no, no, Jimmy, Jimmy,
don't-don't bother.
Uh, look,
maybe I did sign something.
They were putting
so many things in front of me
and I'm on all these
medications, and...
I mean,
maybe-maybe one of them
was a-a privacy waiver, I...
Yeah.
You know, I've been here
less than a minute,
and I already feel like
I'm being played.
Sweetie, don't do this.
You're here.
Who knows how many moments
like this we have left?
Wow.
Okay, you want
to know the truth?
Fine.
I'm dying, okay?
My liver's shot,
and with my history
of addiction,
I don't stand a hope
of getting on the waiting list
for a new one.
So...
Look, I've had a lot of time
to lie here and think.
Jimmy, I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry that I screwed you
out of a childhood,
and caused you grief ever since.
I was a lousy mom.
I just want you
to promise me something.
I want you to promise me
that you do not blame yourself
for getting me locked up again.
It was not your fault.
And if I'd listened
to you sooner
and straightened out my life,
then maybe I wouldn't
be here now.
Is there anything you need?
No, nothing. I...
Just, will-will you come
sit with me?
Tell me about your life,
about what's going on with you.
Please?
Hey.
So I overheard the plaintiff's
lawyer out there.
He's been trying to settle for a
fraction of the original claim.
-The city won't agree.
-Why not?
Well, I guess Jacobs finagled
a last-minute reassignment
so the case would be heard
by this judge
specifically.
She's notorious for
backing the badge.
The city's
playing hardball.
So the city attorney is using us
to sink this lady's case.
There's a decent chance
that she deserves every dollar
that she's asking for.
Mr. Jacobs.
I'd be lying if I didn't say
I was having second thoughts
-about testifying.
-What's the problem?
Feels like you're using
SWAT's reputation
to score points that
you can't get any other way.
I'm not asking you to lie,
Sergeant.
I'm not sure I'm down
to be used like that.
You're kidding.
You spring this
on me right now?
You're a public
servant, same as me.
We both have obligations
to the city.
No, we have obligations
to the citizens, not the city.
Sergeant Kay? What about you?
Can you, uh,
give us a minute, please?
You serious about this?
I'm dead-ass serious, Deacon.
I'm just about done with
"business as usual" these days.
Dr. Hale? Hi.
I'm, uh, Jim Street.
My mother Karen
is one of your patients.
-Yeah. Hi.
-This thing
with her liver.
How bad is it really? I mean,
she seems pretty convinced
she's dying.
Your mother's cirrhosis
is advanced.
It's not end-stage yet,
but I'm afraid
it's only a matter of time.
-Okay, so what about treatment?
-Short of a transplant,
there's really very little
we can offer.
And she doesn't qualify
for getting on a donor list,
so what, that's just it?
Not necessarily.
I've discussed a living donor
transplant with her.
-Okay, w-what's that?
-If a potential donor,
typically a family member,
tests as a match,
we can harvest
part of their liver
and transplant it
into the patient.
Usually, a donor gives up
about half the organ,
which regenerates
over several months.
We've seen great
success with it.
Your mom didn't
mention any of this?
Must've slipped her mind.
You know the drill, Diaz.
Exit the cell,
keep your eyes straight ahead.
Ya está.
Yo, what's up, man?
What do you got there?
Come on, now!
Hey, hold up, man.
-Move your asses. Go!
-Come on, let's go.
Go!
Drop the gun!
Down on your knees!
-Get out of the way!
-Drop your weapon.
10-39. Four inmates
on the loose
in the lobby. One is armed!
Drop your weapon!
Out of the way or he's dead!
Those are gunshots.
Sounds like downstairs.
I'll kill him now!
Clear the building!
Get out now!
Everyone,
stay where you are.
This is an active shooter alarm.
More cops in front.
Go, find another way out.
It's locked, it won't budge.
Your Honor,
open that door right now.
We have a protocol, Sergeant.
This is my courtroom.
I'm responsible
for the lives in it.
And we're responsible
for the ones out there.
Go!
-Open the door.
-The way our system's set up,
I can't, even if I wanted to.
-Come on.
I can't get a straight answer
from the Sheriff's Department.
How the hell
are there no deputies left
-inside that courthouse?
-Look, they had to retreat.
We know the prisoners killed
two of them
and threatened to keep killing.
And we got 30 civilians inside?
Yeah, at least, maybe more.
Emotions are running high
here, Commander.
Understandable.
They just lost two of their own.
Rocker and Brenner's teams
are with the Feds
on a raid in Lakewood.
I'm making the call.
This is on 20-David.
Let them know.
Roger. Hang on.
Hondo's clicking in.
Take it.
Hondo, I'm out front
with Street and Tan.
Where are you guys?
Deac and I are locked down in
a courtroom on the third floor.
Active shooter protocol.
The security system's
turned this place into
a panic room,
and we are stuck without
firearms.
What'd you find out
about the shooter?
It's not just one,
there are four of them.
They already killed
a couple deputies.
We got four armed
inmates downstairs.
Sounds like a barricade
situation.
They make any demands?
-There hasn't been contact yet.
I got their IDs.
Sergio Diaz, his brother
Adrian, Beni Rios,
Nico Guzman.
Members of Los Mags.
Ran their hit squad.
They executed nine people.
Due to be sentenced today.
Capital murder.
Expected to get life
without parole.
Yeah, Commander said
this is on us, boss.
The team's all here now,
so what's the game plan?
We're flying blind here, Luca.
Listen, you're senior man
on-site.
You are in charge now.
The team is in your hands.
Luca.
-Hondo, someone's coming outside.
All right, go.
-You got this, man.
Any cop comes
near this building,
people gonna die!
Eyes on Sergio Diaz.
Stay back.
-You can't get out of this, Diaz!
-What the hell you just say?
Deputy, put that thing down!
I said this won't
end well for you!
You think I'm scared
to drop bodies?
-Move in!
No, stay back! Hang back.
-Who's in charge out there?
-I am.
Officer Dominique Luca,
LAPD SWAT.
What do you want, Mr. Diaz?
I want you to stay away
from the building. If you don't,
the blood's on your hands.
Hey, he hit that woman hard.
She's got to be hurt.
You think Diaz is testing us?
What if he's luring us there to
get a better shot at one of us?
What if she needs
immediate medical attention?
Either way, we need to
figure out a way to get her
and everyone else out soon.
I need to talk to Diaz,
find out what it's gonna take
to end this.
You think Luca's okay?
Being in charge, I mean.
Yeah, he's got it.
Try it.
You got it, Deac, it's open.
Don't go out there unarmed.
We are not doing anybody
any good locked in here.
I know you're SWAT, but there's
safety protocols for a reason.
-It's best if we all stay put.
Listen.
The two of us are gonna go
get the lay of the land.
We'll be back.
We will be back.
That crap ain't gonna help.
We need firepower.
We need leverage.
Find everyone up in here.
Beat down doors if you have to.
Put 'em in Courtroom 1.
!¡Andale! Go!
Get down!
Get down. Move!
Sounds like they're
headed our way,
taking hostages.
They're desperate.
That means they're dangerous.
No one's safe.
We got to evacuate.
There's got to be a fire escape
or some way out of here.
Deac, check the windows.
A building covered
in windows,
and none of these
damn things open.
There.
I just commandeered every
phone line on the ground floor,
but if Diaz doesn't want
to pick up...
No, he'll pick up.
Keep them ringing.
This is Officer Luca.
Am I speaking with Sergio Diaz?
What do you want?
Look, I want to know that
no one else is gonna get hurt,
including you.
Don't worry too much
about that lady.
Just a bump on the head.
I can do a whole lot worse.
Listen, there's no way
out of here for you.
You know that.
If you give up now,
you won't be harmed, okay?
You have my word.
You know what that means to me,
Officer Luca?
Nada.
Now you listen.
Me and my boys want
a helicopter.
Look, a helicopter's
not realistic.
Maybe I can
get you an SUV.
But you've got to promise that
everyone will be safe.
I decide what's realistic, ese.
Tell the pilot
to keep it running.
Find someone that don't mind
having a gun to his head.
There are other ways
out of this.
I almost forgot--
bulletproof vests, four of them.
You got 40 minutes, or lots of
people gonna die one at a time.
Listen...
I just got a text
from Deacon.
They think they found a way out.
They need our help.
We've got an exit plan.
We found a set of windows on
-the other side of the floor.
-No way.
We'll be sitting ducks out
there; we're better off here.
Listen to me, all of you.
The gunmen are breaking
into rooms and taking hostages.
They're gonna be up here
very soon.
We cannot stay.
You've got to trust us.
Go ahead. I'm not
going anywhere.
You're making a mistake.
Come on, let's go. Come on.
Come on, we don't have time.
Let's go.
Come on.
Follow me.
Keep it up,
as fast as you can move.
Let's go.
Over here!
-Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Shh, shh, shh.
Keep going.
Come on.
Let's go. Move.
Let's go.
All right, let's go.
Move, move, move.
Door.
It's locked.
Kick it down.
They're coming. We got
to move. Let's go.
Let's go.
Quickly, quickly.
-There's Hondo.
Get ready.
There's gonna be six of them.
All right, come on, step out.
Let's go. Come on.
Everybody. Let's go.
Follow me.
You're fine. Let's go.
Keep moving. Keep moving.
You're okay.
You're okay, come on.
All right,
everybody stop right here.
Okay, I want you to sit down.
Just sit down.
Put your feet
over the ledge.
Okay, just focus on me.
Trust me, this is nothing.
It's just like when
you were a kid
jumping off a high dive.
Stay loose.
I'm gonna give you
a little push on three.
Here we go. One...
two... three.
Hey, come towards my voice.
Come on, who's next? Let's go.
Come on, we don't have time.
We got you.
Come on.
-Nice and easy.
-Okay, okay.
You all right? Okay.
You're gonna be just fine.
Don't think about it.
On three.
One, two, three.
All right, keep coming,
keep coming. Come on.
Now.
Feet over the
ledge. Okay.
Hey, look at me.
You got this.
Don't worry about it.
On three. One...
two, three.
Come on, over here, over here.
All right, Judge.
Come on, Judge.
It's okay, it's okay.
Feet over the ledge,
just look at me.
My team's got you.
Here we go.
On three. One...
two, three.
They're closing in.
What do you think?
Deac, if we jump, we're out.
There'll be nobody
-left here to help.
-I know.
Give me an update, Luca.
-Hondo and Deacon stayed?
-Yeah.
-Did they find their weapons?
-No.
But we're working on a plan
to help them with that.
Right now we
have 32 minutes
before Diaz said he'll
start killing.
Getting a chopper for these guys
isn't a real possibility, is it?
No, we can't let it
come to that.
Maybe we can offer it
as bait to lure them out.
22-David, where'd
those shots come from?
Who has eyes?26-David.
Eyes on Adrian Diaz
at the third floor window.
He shot and deflated
the rescue bag.
Hold.
We got to go back.
Tan's texting.
-Hey, Luca.
-Yeah?
I got Deac.
Hey, you guys okay?
Yeah, we're good.
We heard gunshots.
They firing at you guys?
No, not at us,
just at the rescue bag.
They're rounding
people up in here.
It looks like all four of
these guys are armed now.
Listen, Tan might have
found a way
for you guys to even
the playing field.
We're listening.
We got Deputy Ross with us.
She says there's a spare key
to the gun locker room
in her office.
Room B. It's a red key chain,
number six.
If you can get to that key,
you can get your firearms back.
-That's two floors down.
-Won't be easy
with them patrolling.
Okay, we'll try to come up
with a way to keep these
guys occupied.
We just need time to
get our guns, Luca.
Okay, good luck.
Let's get Diaz on the line.
Diaz, can you hear me?
You're more worried about
getting people out
than giving me what I want.
Where's my damn helicopter?
It's tough for me to help you
when guys are shooting
out of windows.
Stop stalling,
or your problems will get
much worse.
You know what, you're right.
I am stalling.
I have to.
Okay, it takes time to get
a helicopter ready.
But this is what
I can do right now.
I can get you those
bulletproof vests,
-but I need something in return.
-What?
You have to turn over
four hostages,
including that woman
that you hurt.
No deal.
I don't trust you.
I don't trust you either, yet.
But this is how
you and me build trust,
by making a small deal
that we both live up to.
Okay.
Four vests for four hostages.
Okay, give us some time.
We'll have the vests brought
to the front door.
I want you to bring 'em.
Just you.
You got five minutes.
Hey, look at me.
You don't have to do this.
If it gives us hostages,
I'm going.
You keep looking
at that thing.
Oh, it's nothing.
Actually, it's something.
I went and visited my mom
today in the hospital.
Her liver's failing.
So it's life-threatening.
Even legitimately dying, she
still wasn't straight with me.
Just tried to butter me up
to get what she wants.
Which is what?
My liver, apparently.
Or part of it.
Her doctor wants me to test
to see if I'm a match.
I guess they can do
partial transplants
with living donors now.
You're not seriously
considering it?
I mean, it's still
a major surgery,
but if I'm a match...
Won't that jeopardize your life
and your SWAT career?
What am I supposed to do?
Say no?
That's basically
a death sentence for her.
I don't know
if I can live with that.
Look, I'm just getting tested.
Maybe I'm not a match.
Shut up and keep moving.
Armed suspect's taking
a woman to the lobby.
Deac, let's go.
All right,
we got the right office.
Look for a red key chain.
Hey, that's our courtroom
upstairs.
There's Jacobs.
Deacon. Oh, my God.
We should've tried harder
to get him to come with us.
Hey, we didn't have time.
And listen,
you deciding not to testify,
that wasn't exactly fair to him.
What, that wasn't fair
to Jacobs?
What about
the plaintiff?
A city attorney shouldn't be
allowed to take a case
-and reassign it to bend justice.
-All right, do some
of these guys care more about
winning than justice? Yeah.
But we got to work
within the system.
We can't do that
anymore, Deac.
That's how we end up with
racist cops who don't get fired.
Jacobs? He's just doing his job.
Just like us.
Found it.
All right, move, move.
Anything happens to me,
my brother kills them.
Understand?
Understood.
No one should die here.
We'll see.
One for one. Just like we said.
What are you planning to do
once you get a helicopter?
-First hostage is safe.
You better worry
about what I'll do
if I don't get a helicopter.
-There are two ways
out of this for you.
Give up and I'll make sure
you're treated with respect.
Or you hurt anyone else
in there,
I won't be able to stop
this army from coming in hard.
If that's my fate,
a lot of dead hostages
will be on your hands.
I'm here to make sure
you take the first option...
...to keep you
and everyone inside safe.
Funny you should mention
"everyone inside."
'Cause I got
that list right here.
Mira.
Two LAPD officers
signed in today.
Sergeant Harrelson
and Sergeant Kay.
Amigos of yours, no?
No, I don't know
-who you're talking about.
-You sure?
They were on the same floor
the people escaped from.
You're not
a very good liar.
Look, it's the last one.
Make the trade, Diaz.
You don't
want to answer
'cause you do know them.
I don't have
to tell you what happens
if we find them before
the helicopter gets here.
Let's talk about the other
innocent people
-that you're holding hostage.
-We're done here.
Ticktock.
Warn Hondo and Deacon.
Diaz knows they're inside.
Door's busted.
They beat us here.
Be careful, they might
still be in there.
They have our guns.
Tan says Diaz knows we're here.
Harrelson, Kay!
We know you fools are down
here. If you give up now,
we won't kill you.
Deac, give me your phone.
Give it to me.
Don't shoot.
I'm unarmed.
Where's the other cop?
He jumped with the hostages.
I stayed behind to help.
I don't believe you.
Nothing.
All right.
Vámonos.
Get in.
Everybody get back down on
the floor like I told you, now!
Anyone standing gets shot.
You get the same treatment
as everyone else, cop.
Get down.
That guy has a serious
head wound. Let me help him.
There's a first aid kit
right there behind the desk.
Not my problem.
You don't want a dead hostage
on your hands, man.
You'll lose all the leverage
that you built up.
Think about it.
Let me help him.
I should've listened to you,
got out when I had the chance.
One thing at a time.
Here, let me take
a look at that.
Hello?
Hey, it's Deacon.
Hondo's been taken.
What do you mean "taken"?
Well, I managed to hide.
Hondo gave himself up
so we both wouldn't get caught.
We made it to the gun locker,
but it was empty.
They beat us to it.
They were calling
for us by name.
Not sure how they knew
we were here.
Diaz saw your names
on the sign-in sheet.
He knew you were inside.
Where did they take Hondo?
Courtroom 1, first floor
with the other hostages.
Listen, I know Diaz
set up a deadline.
How much time we got?
20 minutes.
Tell me you guys have a plan.
We're working on a covert entry.
If we're gonna stop these guys
without losing hostages,
we need the element of surprise.
Now, you said they had both
stairwells covered?
Wait a second,
I remember three stairwells.
-Third one might be unguarded.
-All right.
I'll have Chris and Street
talk to the property manager.
I'll check it out,
I'll call you back.
Understood. Stay safe.
Luca?
I need some air.
Hey. I thought
you'd want to know,
the injured woman
from the steps?
It's a nasty laceration,
she'll have headaches
for about a week,
but she's gonna be okay.
Well, at least one thing
went right today.
Yeah, I guess
your extra training with me
really paid off.
You doing okay?
Look, Hondo's in trouble.
It's my fault.
Diaz knows Hondo and Deacon
are inside.
I tried to cover,
he saw right through me.
-I blew it.
-That is not your fault.
There are no good options
in these situations.
Maybe the best thing for me to
do is ask Hicks to take over.
Look, if Hondo and
Deacon make it out okay,
no one will remember or care.
Maybe not. But you will.
Listen, when I was
in Afghanistan,
my little brother Neil
was serving Special Forces
at a nearby outpost.
-I didn't know you had a brother.
-Half brother.
We-we grew up close.
Competitive as hell, but...
...close.
Yeah, I got a brother like that.
After treating
casualty after casualty,
it got to a point where
any time the medevac
returned from outside the wire,
my heart would sink,
worried that it might be Neil.
And one day
my worst fear came true,
when I saw him brought in.
Wounded the way that he was,
I just... froze.
Couldn't do my job.
Someone else had to.
He died later that day.
I'm so sorry.
So the KIA bracelet,
it's for your brother?
I will always regret
not stepping up,
and so will you,
if you don't do everything
you can to help Hondo.
He needs you.
Hey, Jacobs.
With that head injury,
you got to stay with me.
How you feeling?
A little woozy.
Feels like the end of a long
week of football practice.
Oh, yeah.
What position?
Free safety.
Guessing you played?
Tailback.
I'm sorry about how
I handled that earlier.
I sprung that on you
at the last minute
when you were just trying
to do your job. That's on me.
You're not the only one
who second-guesses things.
That woman probably deserves
the money she's asking for.
You know, believe it or not,
I didn't go to law school
to become part of some
city bureaucracy.
I was gonna help
people like her.
If I had known at 22 what
I was gonna face as a cop today,
I'm not sure
I would have become one.
We got to figure out ways
to make all that work together.
Hey. Hang in there.
I might need your help
to get us out of this.
Hey, what do we know?
Spoke with the building's
property manager.
Deac was right--
there is a third stairwell.
It's part of
the new construction.
Seems closed off from
the rest of the building.
It's not ideal,
but maybe we can get there
from the underground garage.
Does the stairwell run
all the way to the roof?
So, you're the cop.
I am.
Let me help you
get what you want.
What we want is a helicopter.
We don't get it,
first one to get a bullet
in the head is you.
That wouldn't be smart.
A lot of cops out there.
That'd be all the excuse
they need.
Scariest thing about me...
I got nothing to lose.
Cop's phone.
Your boys are worried.
They called you a lot.
Call 'em back.
See what they want.
I will call 'em back.
Is this Diaz?
I found something of yours.
You got ten minutes
to get me my chopper
or your boy here dies.
I want to hear his voice.
Ten minutes.
Diaz, listen...
I really hope this plan works.
It has to.
Heads up.
20 seconds out.
Everyone tight?
The team only has three seconds
to jump out onto the roof.
That air must've
done you good.
This is a hell
of a plan, Luca,
having them hitch a ride
on Diaz's chopper.
It's not over yet.
Got it.
26-David, we're in.
Heading into
the rendezvous point.
We're good. It's Deac.
Hey. You all right?
I'm good.
All right.
Follow my lead.
Let's move.
Airship 20 is clear.
Make the call to Diaz.
Your helicopter's here.
All I had to do was threaten
your amigo.
Look, it's fueled
and ready to go.
The four of you can exit
the building now.
Change of plans, homes.
Gonna be eight of us.
It only seats four.
Not today.
We each have a
hostage and a radio.
We come out one at a time.
Anything happens
to one of us
before we're
on that chopper,
it'll be a bloodbath.
We did it.
My team has a way
to end this.
Stick to the plan.
Come on. Come on.
Everyone back.
Let 'em approach.
Come on!
Stay back! Stay back!
Come on, come on!
Come on. Up. Up.
First target's in the bird.
We're on the ground floor
with Deacon.
Listen, these guys are in
communication with each other.
We need to take them
all at once.
Roger.
25-David.
On the opposite end of
the ground floor with Street.
Stand up, cop.
You're with me.
Second target heading your way.
Roger that.
Here they come.
Ten seconds till we engage.
Nine...
Eight. Deac,
you guys gonna be ready?
We're ready,
but we don't have visual
on the third suspect.
Five.
Four.
Three.
-Eyes on the target.
-We're good to go.
Initiate.
Drop your weapon.
-Put it down.
-Hands in the air!
Drop it. On the ground,
right now.
Hands.
Don't move!
Chances are this chopper's not
gonna have a full tank of fuel.
You really think
you're gonna make it
to the border with twice
the passenger load?
Stop right there!
-You good?
-Yeah.
30-David, last suspect down.
We're Code 4 all around.
Hey.
I think your wife tried
to text you a few times.
She probably wants to know
you're all right.
She knows we look out
for each other.
Yeah.
That feel secure?
Hey. Thanks for
your words earlier.
Came right when
I needed them.
You did great leading
the team.
I'm sure it won't be long
before you have one of your own.
Nah, I'm not sure that's
in the cards for me.
Every day, worrying
about the lives of people
under my command...
-I'm not built that way.
-That's too bad.
A lot of officers would love
to have you for a boss.
I know I would.
Thank you.
Fowler.
Sir.
I know you told Luca
about your brother.
You used a tough memory
to inspire.
Kind of surprised myself.
I guess...
feels like there's
a lot of trust around here.
Yeah. I told you,
I handpicked you for a reason.
I knew this team would
need you at some point.
I'm glad you were
here today.
And I think I can speak
for the whole team,
we all are.
Thank you, sir.
I am so glad you made it
out okay, boss.
You're a big reason we did,
big man.
Glad we had you out here.
Hell of a day today, Luca.
I froze for a minute there.
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
You meeting Diaz
on the courthouse stairs
like that... Showed a lot of guts, Luca.
You know why you were chosen
to run point
for the LAPD at the Leadership
Institute in Germany?
Ah, you gonna tell me
I got leadership in my blood
because my dad was
a team leader?
I think I'm happier
being a soldier.
Your dad used
to say the same
exact thing before
his promotion.
Fought it for years.
-I didn't know that.
-Yeah.
Guess I always thought
he wanted it from the start.
The best leaders are
often the ones
that don't want it at first.
They just grow into it.
Hey.
Keep an open mind.
I will.
Hey.
Just think, today was
supposed to be our day off.
Yeah, crazy.
See you tomorrow.
Say your liver's
a match, then what?
Then cross that bridge
when I come to it.
Transplant surgery...
What if something goes wrong?
You could lose your job,
or you could die.
You think I don't know
how screwed up this is?
She only has me.
I just remember
everything I went through
trying to have Ariel.
I don't know if I have it
in me again.
But the child isn't mine.
Karen?
You told me she was.
What am I supposed to...
Hi.
I'm, uh, Chris Alonso.
I work with your son.
Oh, of course.
The Chris I heard so much about
when I was living with Jimmy.
He never said
how cute you were.
He's told me a lot about you.
I'm sure he did.
Hope he said we had
some good times, too.
Your doctor asked him
to get tested
so he can maybe donate
his liver.
What?
No, I don't want Jimmy
to do that.
I... These
damn doctors.
I begged them
to leave my kid out of it.
They don't listen.
No, I think that's
exactly what you want.
You just didn't want to be
the one to ask.
I'm sure that you've heard
plenty of horror stories
about me,
but I would never do anything
to hurt my son.
An operation like this,
you're asking him
to throw away
everything he's built
for himself.
I didn't ask him for anything.
I came here to keep it that way.
And who are you to make demands?
I know you're still using.
I can see it on your face,
even if your son
doesn't want to.
Fact is, if you stay sober
for six months,
you can get yourself back
onto the registry.
But you already know that.
You think you found
a shortcut.
So this is
what you're gonna do.
You're gonna tell him you don't
need anything from him
except his support.
You don't want
to fight me on this.
Hmm.
You must really love my Jimmy.